Why didn't the IT team set up their remote office from the beach?
It was too cloudy.

What's a hacker's favorite season?
Phishing season.

An SQL statement walks into a bar and sees two tables. It approaches and asks…
"May I join you?"

What do you call a turtle that surfs the dark web?
A TORtoise.

What do you call an excavated pyramid?
Unencrypted.

What do you call a group of math and science geeks at a party?
Social engineers.

What's the best way to catch a runaway robot?
Use a botnet.

Why did the programmer leave the camping trip early?
There were too many bugs.

What did the moderator say to kick off the IT speed dating session?
"Singles, sign on!"

What do you tell a hacker after a bad breakup?
"There are plenty of phish in the sea."

Did you hear about the computer that kept rebooting?
It was terminal.

Why didn't the company move into the Castle in the Sky?
There wasn't enough cloud storage.

Why did the band never get a gig?
It was called 1023 MB.

What did the hacker's out of office message say?
Gone phishing!

How do programmers like their brownies?
Everyone who works at the company… and everyone who doesn't.

Why did the football team fumble the handoff?
They didn't use a secure transfer method.

What happens when kids hit high school and want more independence?
They start to get SaaS-y.

Why didn't the shopper go down the canned meat aisle in the grocery store?
Her SPAM filters were on.

What's a secret agent's go-to fashion?
Spyware.

Why did the database administrator slice a tree stump in half?
They're always on Tor.

After a life of cybercrime, how did the hacker get to heaven?
The password hadn't been changed in 2000 years.

What do you get when Gandalf and Bilbo are your network engineers?
A Tolkien Ring Network

What did the network engineer give to his fiancee?
A token ring.

What do you call re-arranging the layout of your network?
LANscaping.

How did pirates communicate before the internet?
Pier to Pier networking.

Google Plus was the gym of social networking...
We all joined but no one ever used it

Did you hear about the chaos at a Networking manufacturer?
It was Panic at the Cisco.

What wedding gift should you buy for a Windows administrator?
I don't know. Perhaps you should check the registry for clues.

Why did the CPU go broke?
A reboot cleared out all of its cache. Now it has insufficient resources.

Why was the network administrator late to work?
There was lots of traffic congestion and even a collision. Everything was backed up. It was a hard drive!

Why did the hacker organize a marathon?
He wanted to make $100 from lots of people who "ran somewhere."

Why didn't the IT pro's relationship with the buggy computer work out?
They were too "off and on again!"

What are computers' favorite snacks?
Microchips, phish sticks, and cookies. But just a few bytes of each.

What do computers love to do at the beach?
Put on some spam block for protection so they can safely surf the net while catching some .WAVs!

Where do computers go to dance?
The disk-o. They really love techno music.

Why did the cloud date the fog?
He was so down to earth.

Why are chemists so good at solving problems?
They’re always working with solutions.

What did one tectonic plate say when he bumped into another?
Sorry! My Fault.

What did the infectious disease say when the bartender refused him service?
Well, you’re not a very good host.

How did the thermometer insult the graduated cylinder?
She said, “You may have graduated, but I have more degrees.”

What will never go viral no matter how popular they get?
Antibiotics.

Why is so hard to wake up in the morning?
Newton’s First Law: A body at rest wants to stay at rest.

Why is the dieting advice to “eat light” so dangerous?
That’s how you become a black hole.

What did the science book say to the math book?
You’ve got problems.

What are the primary elements of a sense of humor?
Sulfur, Argon, Calcium, and Samarium. Otherwise known as SArCaSm

What do protons and life coaches have in common?
They know how to stay positive

Why did the chemist hang up periodic table posters everywhere?
It made him feel like he was in his element.

What did the helpless T cell say when facing the infection?
Is there antibody out there?

Why is combining a proton and an electron to make a neutron so popular?
It’s free of charge.

What sound does a sub-atomic duck make?
Quark.

Where does criminal light end up?
In prism.

Where did the chemist have his lunch?
On a periodic table.

What do you call a bunch of iron atoms at a carnival?
A ferrous wheel.

Why did the chemist read the book on helium so fast?
He couldn’t put it down.

Why is YouTube stable?
It constantly buffers.

What did the chemist say when he heard oxygen and magnesium were dating?
OMg

What do you call acid that’s a bully?
A-mean-ol’ acid.

Did you hear about the two red blood cells that fell in love?
It was all in-vein.

How do you throw a party in space?
You planet.

Why do plants hate algebra?
It gives them square roots.

Why did the physicist break up with the biologist?
There was no chemistry.

What did the proton say to the electron to start a fight?
I’m sick of your negativity.

What’s a pirate’s favorite element?
Aaaaargon

How do geologists ask each other out?
They say, “Are you a carbon sample? Because I’d love to date you.”

Why couldn’t the geologist think of the joke?
It was on the tip of her tungsten!

Why were oxygen, hydrogen, and carbon wearing suits and ties?
They were a formyl group.

What did the scientist say to the chemist whose lab smelled like eggs?
Sorry for your sulfering.

What do you call it when a biologist takes a photo of herself?
A cell-fie

Why is the ocean so salty?
The land never waves back!

A photon checks into a hotel and is asked if he needs any help with his luggage. He says, “No, I’m traveling light.”

If the Silver Surfer and Iron Man teamed up, what would that make them?
Alloys

What happened to the man who got cooled to absolute zero?
He’s Ok now

Two chemists go into a bar. The first one says “I think I’ll have an H2O.” The second one says “I think I’ll have an H2O too” — and he died.

Did you hear about the chemist who was arrested after throwing sodium chloride?
It was a salt.

Why can you never trust atoms?
They make up everything.

What did the cell say when it bumped its foot during the night?
Mitosis!

Why don’t geologists like scary movies?
Because they’re petrified.

Why did no one buy the arborist’s book?
It was a hard cell.

What do phlebotomists say before they take your blood?
B Positive!

Why did the woman break up with the zoologist?
He was too cell-fish.

Why didn’t we have a bad cold season last year?
All the viruses flu away.

What do you call it when your science teacher lowers your grade?
Bio-degraded.

Why do researchers look forward to Fridays?
They can wear genes to work.

What do you call a biologist’s self-portrait?
A cell-fie.

Why do bovine veterinarians like to travel?
They’re very cultured.

Did you hear about the monkeys who shared an Amazon account?
They were Prime mates.

Don't use "beef stew" as a computer password.
It's not stroganoff.

What is the biggest lie in the entire universe?
"I have read and agree to the Terms & Conditions."

How does a computer get drunk?
It takes screenshots.

I tried to say, "I'm a functional adult," but my phone changed it to "fictional adult".
I feel like that's more accurate.

My computer suddenly started belting out "Someone Like You."
It's a Dell.

Autocorrect has become...
my worst enema.


